okay let's get into some optical
illusions
you'll have seven seconds to find all
the hidden objects
remember what you see first then i can
tell you what it means
what do you see in this first one
[Music]
if you saw a huge lips first you're a
pretty straightforward person
and you take people for their word if
the trees are all you see
you're ambitious and always one step
ahead of everyone else
how about a reading test is there just
one word
or more
this one speaks for itself an optimist
will always see the good first
and probably won't see anything else if
you saw the bad first
you might find it difficult to trust
people at least at first
what about here remember sometimes you
see what you want to see
time's up if you spotted the lock first
you
love to explore the unknown and step
beyond your own boundaries
if you saw a crying person first take
some time to relax and clear your mind
you probably don't pay enough attention
to your feelings
this one clearly has a hidden message
can you spot it
if you saw some ancient columns first it
may be a little difficult for you to
break out of your comfort zone
it's not that easy for you to face the
opinions of others
if you saw people first you're
self-confident and know
exactly what you want and how to get it
you also help others a lot
your seven seconds for this illusion
starts now
does it look like an open door to you
yeah
then you're ready for big life
challenges embrace them
it's exciting to try new things if it's
more of a musical note to you
you feel you have something important to
share with the world
never miss a chance to express yourself
what does this seascape say to you
if it's all ships to you you clearly
love to travel and explore new places
if it's mostly a bridge you appreciate
stability and order
your seven seconds for this next one
starts right now
[Music]
can you see a face here if so you care a
lot about others
for you everything and everyone is
unique and interesting
if it looks like a fish you're happy
with your life and believe in good luck
here's another one for you
if you saw the saxophone player first
you're the life and soul of any party
but even you deserve a break every now
and then share the spotlight sometimes
if it looks like a huge face to you you
prefer your own company and a nice long
book
going out sometimes wouldn't hurt though
you might discover something new about
yourself
how about this one you have seven
seconds to find all the hidden thingies
[Music]
those of you who noticed the trees first
you guys rely on your intuition a lot
and it never lets you down
if you notice the tiger first you mostly
rely on logic and careful planning
and you're great at it it's a quiet
starry night
what's so special about it
[Music]
if you see a face with closed eyes you
usually care about others
more than you do about yourself if you
noticed a person
and a tree on a hill you're a big
dreamer and always believe the best is
yet to come
can you tell if this is just a portrait
or something else
[Music]
if you saw the portrait and that's it
you're hard working and won't stop until
you get the results you want
if you also saw an animal that the guy
seems to be wearing on his head for some
reason
you're more of a creative person but you
can sometimes get distracted by the
little things
starry starry night what secret is it
hiding
[Music]
if all you see here is a whale you
mostly see the big picture
and are pretty happy with your life if
you also see the little surfer on the
whale
you don't look for the easy road in life
and you always double check everything
you have seven seconds for this one time
starts now
[Music]
do you see a cute dog you must be a dog
person
you love dogs for their loyalty and they
remind you not to take life too
seriously
can you see two kitties and a heart
you're a true romantic
and a cat lover of course i can tell you
this one is a portrait
the rest is up to you
[Music]
if you only see a young princess in this
one you'll always be young at heart
fun and outgoing if you noticed an
older lady you're more realistic kind
and caring
this one's pretty spooky can you figure
it out
if you only see two birds you're a
straightforward and goal-oriented person
if you see a horse that means you try to
avoid conflict by
any means necessary here's your next
illusion
tell me what you see
[Music]
did you spot the face of a girl you love
to communicate and will be amazing at
any job that requires you to deal with
people
did you notice birds and a tree first
you'd feel more comfortable at a job
involving some sort of art or
self-expression
how about this picture
[Music]
if the most obvious answer to you is
that's a girl in paris
you're realistic and easy to work with
you must have plenty of friends
if you also see a face of a girl over
here
you're great at grasping the big picture
and the overall meaning
of things that's why you're such a fast
learner
look closely can you tell if the horse
is coming or going
[Music]
if you're sure it's coming your way it
means you can't wait for great things to
come into your life
if you think it's leaving you might be
feeling a bit nostalgic about the past
here's an easy one your task is to find
one object that doesn't match the rest
[Music]
excellent this plane showed up to the
wrong party for sure
breakfast time can you see what's wrong
with this kitchen
it's not going to be too easy to tell
how much water is in this electric
kettle
the min and max have swap places
one bowl clearly stands out among the
rest you have seven
seconds to find out which one
[Music]
[Applause]
all right it's just the eyes that look
different not a big deal if you didn't
catch that one
you have a hundred burgers and a bunch
of steaks left to cook
and just one barbecue to make it happen
find it
in seven seconds
here it is just another busy day
except something is seriously wrong here
can you tell what it is
[Music]
the girl in the red dress can't possibly
be that dry without an umbrella on such
a rainy day
can you find the black sheep of this
family spot the odd one out
[Music]
well done it's right here it's not easy
to make breakfast when you're a horse
find eight differences between these two
pictures
[Music]
[Applause]
it's all about details did you get all
eight
some serious dino vibes here one of
them's most likely way
louder than the rest can you spot it
good job it's missing one tooth
it's beach day find a bucket and a
shovel among the beach huts
then you can build your own sandcastle
[Applause]
nice these red carpet bears are going to
a fancy party
but one of them's ignoring the dress
code find it and make it slap on a
bowtie
[Music]
they're gonna be the life of the party
mike wants to surprise his mom with a
thoughtful handmade gift
help him find the 10 tools he'll need to
make her day
yay mom will be so happy i feel like
someone would feel more at home
in a different pack can you spot the odd
one out
yep that was a tricky one liz has been
putting off cleaning up her desk for way
too long
disaster can you help her find the 13
objects she needs right now to finish
her homework
ah she's so grateful but now she
actually has to do her homework
things change really quickly in the city
find 10 differences between these two
pictures
taken just 30 seconds apart
[Music]
did you spot them all you do have an eye
for detail
katie loves animals so much she can't
stop adopting them
can you find 12 hidden ones in this
family portrait
twelve that's a lot
biking never goes out of style but some
details don't match in these two
pictures
can you find all eight of them
[Music]
nailed it snack time is the greatest
time
tell you what you can eat if you find
five differences between these two
pictures
did you manage to do it then bon appetit
some something's going on in this
restaurant one blink and it's all
changed
weird find the 10 differences between
the two pictures
perfect the funny part is most people
miss the menu changing color
if you saw that one you might want to
turn pro
help these two guys clean up this
adorable mess before their human arrives
you should have enough time to find at
least 10 things
[Music]
yay their human is so happy
i bet you can find 10 hidden objects in
this cat lady portrait
let's see if i'm right
you did it good job